you know your weekend is not complete
until slayed by blades top 5 knifing
feeds has made its way through your
oculars this is week number 80 my name
is clever tricks this ain't my first
hoedown son kicking off in the number
five spot XRS gypsy a beautiful
four-piece throwing knife for the multi
kill playing blitz just ghost in cats
the number four spot only gets better
from there Zen kevo playing black ops 2
and using those skewers getting a 4 feed
with that accuracy making those enemies
fear the respawn in the number 3 spot we
got domination being played and tkl dusk
is on the sea flag spawn you know that
that spawn and flag produces so many
great feeds his five combat axe is being
thrown into the hat beautiful work the
number two spot we got some Search and
Destroy on ghosts a beautiful flag here
by fruity picking up for throwing knives
listen enemies don't cluster up like
that or knifers gonna have your number
in the number one spot this week we got
star SP he's picking up for combat axes
with a strategic stabbed in there on the
sea flag see spawn again but then what's
this later on in the same game he picks
up another five feet of combat axes in a
row before getting panicked and tossing
in a couple stabs ban getting a rolling
seven my goodness has been a great week
guys these knifers going off if you
think you have a feed that is worthy of
the top five just read the instructions
on your screen to get that clip to Slade
because we couldn't do this without you
guys and I'd just like to thank you all
for sending in those knife feeds that my
life needs my name is clever tricks I'd
like to thank you all for having me
until next time stay Slade